{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf810
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red27\green31\blue34;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c14118\c16078\c18039;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Due to the rapid expansion and heterogeneity of the data, it is a challenging task to find out the patterns and relationships in the data. We introduce DycomDetector, a novel visualization tools for representing the relationships of temporal datasets. Our algorithm extracts the topics and creates relationships from the real world datasets such as political blogs and constructs networks of a particular period and show the communities in the networks.\
\
The DycomDetector displays 7290 terms from 11267 political blog posts in last ten years. We considered around 100,000 blogs of different datasets from which we filter and process the above terms and blog posts. \
\
At the top, we represent time arc visualization which allows the users to get a quick overview of the terms and events according to time. The most frequent terms and their relations are displayed here. The terms which are collocated in same political blogs are brought closer and connected by arcs. The arc thickness indicates the frequency of collocated terms. \
\
At the left side, there is some intuitive selection option by which a user can drill the relationships. A user can select cut-off value to find out the most frequence terms. From the drop-down menu user also can select several network properties to reconstruct the network and relationships. The viewers can lens into a period to see the details by mousing over the time axis. For example: now we are lensing into the year 2012 to see the variations in the monthly relationships in 2012. \
\
We demonstrate the application of DycomDetector on various datasets. This figure depicts the related topics in the Huffington Post for the input term "tucson". The terms are ordered based on the betweenness centrality which defined the most central topics. For example, "newtown" and "sandy hook" are the two central terms appearing on many political blogs due to the shooting event at the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting occurred on December 14, 2012, in Newtown, Connecticut. \
\
This image shows the top 5 terms under modularity histograms are ordered by betweenness centrality from Esquire blog datasets. For example, "willard", "politico", and "boston" globe are the hottest topics in July 2012.\
\
Our experiments with various datasets show that DycomDetector provide a better lens into the large corpus of texts obtained from news/blogs. In future work, we are planning to introduce topic recommendations into our prototype.\
}