{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue117;
\red252\green105\blue16;\red27\green98\blue166;\red39\green145\blue35;\red0\green0\blue0;\red26\green26\blue26;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c53333;
\cssrgb\c100000\c49804\c5882;\cssrgb\c12549\c46667\c70980;\cssrgb\c17255\c62353\c18039;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25880\viewh16580\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 Finding interesting trends, patterns, and relationships within text corpora is challenging to address some of interesting questions such as: What are the hottest political topics last month? \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 [[slnc 300]] \

\fs48 Are there any common viewpoints among different groups of people? \

\fs24 [[slnc 300]] 
\fs48 \
And how does a particular topic and the wisdom of the crowd change over time?\

\fs24 [[slnc 200]] \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs48 \cf0 This video demonstrates DycomDetector, a novel approach for topic modeling using graph partitioning algorithm \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
to extract clusters of important terms that form latent communities\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 . We use data collected from different sources such as Huffington post, Crooks and Liars, and Esquire. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 [[slnc 300]] 
\fs48 \
The important terms are extracted, classified, and color-coded by category, such as blue for people, orange for location, and green for organization.  At each time stamp, the network snapshot is constructed where links are computed based on term co-occurrences in the same articles. Thicker link indicates that two terms frequently appear together over the given period of time. Users can redefine the network based on different settings such as vertex degree, betweenness centrality, or collocation frequency. Communities become visible in the the refined networks. 
\fs24 [[slnc 300]] \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs48 \cf0 A histogram below each network displays modularity Q on different filtering of collocation frequency. In particular The first bar shows modularity Q of the original term networks, the second bar show modularity Q of the network where every link weights at least 2 and so on. 
\fs24  
\fs48 Below each histogram, DycomDetector displays the top 5 terms from the above network based on the user selected feature. 
\fs24 \
[[slnc 300]] 
\fs48 \
At the bottom, we show the evolution of terms over time in small multiples. Arc diagrams are overlaid on top to show term co-occurrences. Terms in the same month are ordered by community to reduce edge-crossings since community detection algorithm groups highly connected nodes while separate loosely connected nodes into different clusters. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 [[slnc 300]] \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Here are some detected political events in this example:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf2 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Box A 
\b0 contains\'a0the\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sandy_Hook_Elementary_School_shooting"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting}}\'a0occurred on December 14, 2012, in\'a0\cf5 Newtown\cf2 ,\'a0\cf5 Connecticut\cf2 , when 20-year-old\'a0\cf6 Adam Lanza\cf2 \'a0shot 20 children. \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Box B 
\b0 refer to The\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boston_Marathon_bombing"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 Boston Marathon bombing}}\'a0occurred on April 15, 2013. We can see some arcs connect Boston Marathon and Sandy Hook since both of them involve human lifes.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}
\b0 The next event relates to\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 \cf6 Edward Snowden\cf2 , a former CIA employee who leaked \cf7 NSA \cf2 classified information.\'a0\cf8  As shown in box C, this is still a hot topic in the next few months.\cf2 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Box D
\b0  is the\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shooting_of_Trayvon_Martin"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 Shooting of Trayvon Martin}}. On July 13, 2013, the jury found\'a0\cf6 George Zimmerman\cf2 \'a0not guilty for\'a0\cf6 Trayvon Martin's murder\cf2  in\'a0\cf6 Sanford\cf2 , Florida.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs48 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
[[slnc 2500]] 
\fs28 \

\fs48 The DycomDetector supports a range of interactions such as lensing [[slnc 1000]]  or filtering.  For example, users can refine the networks by sudden increase in term frequency, vertex degree, betweenness centrality, [[slnc 900]]  or collocation frequency. \
[[slnc 1000]] Node sizes reflect the selected feature. [[slnc 1000]]  \
User can also input into the search box to narrow down the topic of interest, for example NSA, \
[[slnc 2000]] \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Through the support of DycomDetector, we can visually detect term communities associated to interesting political events, such as \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf0 the triple homicide that took place in Waltham, Massachusetts. Todashev is the murder and also a friend of Tsarnaev, the Boston Marathon bomber.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 [[slnc 1000]]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The second cluster contains undie bomb, Al-Qaeda organization, and people such as John Brennan, CIA director and Fahd al-Quso, a terrorist. Topics in other months relate to Edward Snowden \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
who leaked \cf7 NSA\cf2  information\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 , James Clapper, the former director of National Intelligence, and the argument between John Kerry and Assad, the \cf9 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
President of Syria\cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 .\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 [[slnc 1000]]\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 or click on the top term list to filter. \
\
More case studies can be found in our paper and project website.
\fs24 \
[[slnc 200]] 
\fs48 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Thank you for watching.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 [[slnc 300]] 
\fs48 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0  \
}